feat(curriculum): add Python error handling quiz (#60600)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-error-handling/67f412eaf6e68343aab8ea81.md

Reviewer: line 10 needs to be updated as now there are only 10 questions

#### --text--

What will be the output of this code?

  ```py

>   try:
>     print(22 / 0)
>   except ZeroDivisionError:
>     print('You can\'t divide by zero!')

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
try:
    print(22 / 0)
except ZeroDivisionError:
    print("You can't divide by zero!")
```

  ```

#### --distractors--

> 22

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`22`
```

---

> 10

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`10`
```

---

> 0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`0`
```

#### --answer--

> You can't divide by zero!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`You can't divide by zero!`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which module of the Python standard library lets you debug your code  in an interractive way?

#### --distractors--

ABC

---

numpy

---

debugpy

#### --answer--

pdb

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which exception does Python raise when you try to use a method or property that does not exist in that type?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which exception does Python raise when you try to use a method or property that does not exist for that type?
```

> Which exception does Python raise when you try to use a method or property that does not exist for that type?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which exception does Python raise when you try to use a method or attribute that does not exist for that type?
```

#### --distractors--

> SyntaxError

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`SyntaxError`
```

---

> AttributeBug

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`AttributeBug`
```

---

> SyntaxBug

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`SyntaxBug`
```

#### --answer--

> AttributeError

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`AttributeError`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which Python statement can you insert around various points in your code so you can see the values of variables while debugging?

#### --distractors--

`len()`

---

`console()`

---

`log()`

#### --answer--

`print()`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which module of the Python standard library lets you write unit tests?

Reviewer 2: Unit tests are not included in these lectures. This one can be replaced with something about the `raise` statement, which has been recently added.

#### --distractors--

Jest

---

Testpy

---

UnitPy

#### --answer--

unittest

### --question--

#### --text--

Which error will the code `print("Hello world"` raise in your Python code?

#### --distractors--

It would not raise any error

---

> ValueError

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ValueError`
```

---

> NameError

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`NameError`
```

#### --answer--

> SyntaxError

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`SyntaxError`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What does `try...except` lets you do in Python?

#### --distractors--

It provides a way to test your code interactively.

---

It lets you write mathematical expressions.

---

It speeds up testing.

#### --answer--

> It lets you execute a block of code that might raise an exception.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It lets you decide what to do when a block of code raises an exception.
```
After all block that might raise an exception can be executed everywhere, only in `try...except` that can be handled.

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which object lets access the exception itself for better debugging and direct printing of the error message?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which object lets you access the exception itself for better debugging and direct printing of the error message?
```

> Which object lets you access the exception itself for better debugging and direct printing of the error message?

Reviewer 3: I think two answers could be interpreted as correct for this question - `Error` and `Exception`.

Most of the built-in _exceptions_ have literally _Error_ in the class name. At the same time most exceptions are subclasses of the `Exception` class, but not all of them. https://docs.python.org/3/library/exceptions.html#exception-hierarchy

#### --distractors--

Debugger Object

---

Error Object

---

BugFinder Object

#### --answer--

Exception Object

### --question--

#### --text--

What extends `try...catch`?

#### --distractors--

`if` and `else`

---

`elif` and `if`

---

`else` and `elif`

#### --answer--

`else` and `finally`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which block of `try...catch`  and `else...finally` runs whether an error occurs or not?

#### --distractors--

`else`

---

> `catch`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`except`
```
